In this project, we will be creating an app with 3 primary functions:
    1. The app will allow any user that visits its page to submit an idea for an adventure/activity that they have
        done and enjoyed.
        a. Submitting said idea will probably involve filling out several fields in a form, including title
            description of activity/adventure, some type of location, etc. This may possibly occur on
            another page, instead of on the front page, if it looks cleaner and we have the time to do this.
    2. Click a randomize adventure finder button, which randomly selects an adventure item (probably
            just displays the adventure title, with a link), which is linked to the full adventure
            item listing. 
        a. Inside said listing, the user can comment/reply about their own experiences, or 
            really anything that they want to mention.
        b. We are considering either limiting our community base to a certain geographical location (e.g.,
            Utah, maybe Salt Lake City), or creating a randomize function that can calculate and only
            output adventure items that have location listings within a certain mile-radius of search user's
            location. 
    3. Have there be an unobstrusive function that lets users return to selected adventures that they 
        have created, viewed, and/or commented on. This way, they can keep track of adventures that 
        interest them, keep tabs on comments that they may want to reply to, etc.
        a. We do not want every randomized adventure to be accessible, only ones that the user has actively
            shown interest in, either via comments, or maybe via a "remember this" button of some sort.
        b. We do not want to have a full-blown search by design, as searches tend to make things feel more...
            complicated and overwhelming. It may not be as targeted, but a simple "randomize" button is
            simple, clean-looking, adds a sense of "adventure" to our Adventure App, and shows only one
            adventure at a time, so that users do not feel overwhelmed.
        c. We will probably want a login/authentication system. But on the off chance that we cannot get
            one to work, we can probably get around that to still provide users with a way to get back
            to an adventure that they want to track, by offering a way to export a randomly generated
            "id" string that is originally created at time of item creation. Then on the main page, the
            user can "unlock" adventure with said "id" string via a little enter password/id input box.

-------

The app addresses the following problem:

Many people want to go on adventures, see interesting sights, eat interesting food, have just
interesting experiences in general. Often times, they don't know what it is that they actually
want to do. For many of these people, trying to look up this information is daunting. Countless
websites offer complex search engines with massive and sometimes inaccurate result queues makes
the entire process painful, cause anxieties and a sense of overwhelming helplessness. Often times,
even if a relevant result is found, it is impersonal, sponsored or created by organizations that
are trying to advertise their business. 

-------

Our app offers the perfect niche solution to this problem:
    1. Instead of a complex search queue, we a simple "randomize" function that will take a random
        adventure option, and offer it up for the user to consider. It's stress-free, small in
        scale, and doesn't require the user to try thinking up "keywords" to adventures when they
        don't yet know what it is that they themselves want.
    2. We offer a clean and uncluttered front page, free from unnecessary options and links. Once
        again, this offers our users a relaxing and easy to navigate option for when they just want
        to check out some adventure ideas.
    3. Our sites' adventures are primarily maintained by our community. Instead of businesses trying
        to advertise themselves, we would like the adventure ideas to be created by other users,
        especially those that have gone and done the adventure that they are sharing. In the preview
        build, we will not have many, if any, ways of enforcing this. But ideally, if the app
        grows out of its infancy, we could have human mods or a community report function to sort 
        through bot posts, disguised business advertisement posts, and so on.
    
-------

Added benefits of our app design/direction, which may be advantageous in the future:
    1. The app is small. It doesn't have many risky interdependencies with 3rd party APIs, or at the very least
        its core functionalities are not tied to them. This helps with its maintenance.
    2. The app is small. Its frontend would easily fit into other sites, fulfilling functionality without
        cluttering up space for another website.
    3. The core concept of the app, a small sharing website with a randomize-1-thing function, can be
        applied to other types of ideas. It could be tailored towards party ideas, story prompt ideas,
        educational purposes, literally anything and everything. All that would have to change is
        the community and what they enter into the database. All this could be controlled through human
        mods and community voting, similar to a website like reddit.